Our party starts off post fight in the Xanathar cellar complex on the hunt for the stone of Golorr. They search the area and find some money, a new recipe for a red wine, and the Stone of Golorr! Unfortunately, Kaynix uses detect magic on the stone and no magic eminates from it. It is a fake. Their only recourse is to go to the Seven Masks Theater to talk with Laeral Silverhand.

At the Seven Masks Theater, they sneak in through a side door that leads to behind the stage. Actors and stage hands are busy running about preparing their roles for the play and the Stage manager and Playwright are arguing. This allows the characters some time to look about and they decide to talk to a famous Actress Westra Moltimmur. She warns the characters that Rongquan the owner is not as he seems while Nalfein is ritualcasting for an unseen servant. The stage manager finally takes notice and brings them to Rongquan, who is watching the play from the third row. Laeral was "busy" with other matters and he asks the characters about the Stone of Golorr. They provide the fake one, but he immediately recognizes it as fake. He tells the characters not to worry, as he heard Fenerus was just arrested and is being held in the Castleward Courthouse.

Nalfein has a private conversation with Rongquan and he finds out that Rongquan is working directly with the Bregan D'aerthe and Jarlaxle. If he brings them the stone of Golorr, then he will be rewarded.

At the courthouse, the party enters the front doors and is met by a Cleric who has them wait for way too long. Several schenanigans take place. Nalfein with his unseen servent scopes out the top floor, Kaynix shapeshifts into a rat and attempts to look at the papers on the Cleric's desk but fails. He then heads downstairs to try to find Fenerus. There are two prisoners, but as they've never seen Fenerus, they don't know which one is which. Sloppyjoe uses the invisibility scroll to go downstairs as well, and with his blood, kaynix spells on the floor "Fenerus?" The guy in the back cell questions how a rat knows his name. Kaynix turns Fenerus invisible and they call for the guards. The guards rush into the now seemingly empty cell. As Kaynix tries to run through the guards legs, one of them gets a kick off which turns him back to his human form. Sloppy joe's quick fingers managed to steal the keys to the jail cells and they slam the gate locking them in. Kaynix decides it's best there is no evidence, he uses burnnig hands a few times to turn the guards into ash. Meanwhile, Fenerus is trying to make his escape, but makes a wrong turn into two Veterans in a garage. Sloppyjoe and Kaynix fumble through the keys but manage to lock the door to the garage before the guards can barge through. They make their escape successfully. Sloppy joe goes back through the front door of the Courthouse to tell the rest of the party to come, and blatantly lies about taking a shit while actually breaking out Fenerus from the court house. He failed his skill check so the cleric and guards mentally take note that he lied.

With Fenerus broken out, they ask him about where he hid the Stone of Golorr and he tells them he hid it in a haunted tower in the Dock Ward. The next day they head over, and as they are scoping the top floor out, they find 3 drow gunslingers steal the Stone of Golorr from right under their noses and make their escape through the window. The party makes chase and successfully retrieved the Stone and killing 2 of the gunslingers. The 3rd one escaped. We conclude with the party back at the Troll Skull Manor with the real Stone of Golorr, discussing what to do next.