Our session started out with the group around Sloppyjoe's dead body. The drunk Haldar was fightened by a cloaked figure approaching the party. He ran off, but it turns out that it was just Melannor Fellbranch. He quickly assesses the situation and with some persuation, he says that he can help revive Sloppyjoe in the City of the Dead, the largest graveyard in Waterdeep. They head over to a Gold Oak tree in the graveyard, pull the bullet out, patch up sloppyjoe, and Kaynix purifies the poison from his blood. Melannor shares the chant and the casters chant for hours while Sloppyjoe's body is pulled into the ground by the tree's roots. After several hours, Sloppyjoe is revived, but with him 5 skeletons rise from the dirt and combat ensues. After dealing with the skeletons, two Emerald Enclave come upon the party and questions their actions. After some taunting and poor persuasion attempts, the groundskeepers kick them out and reduce their (including Melannor's) renoun with the Emerald Enclave. It's almost morning at this point, and they head back to the Manor to rest.

They all take a much needed rest and wake up around noon with the day's quests comprising of shopping around for scrolls, buying new armor, and receiving a reward from Haldar for saving him the night prior. The party gives the zhentarim information on the drow gunslinger commiting the murders in the Dockward and gain one renoun with them and immediately take another quest. They were tasked with collecting four mind reading potions and delivering them to a lady in a purple cloak who leaves in a carrige. Nalfein later finds out with the aid of his bird that this person looks and behaves exactly like the black viper, a famous thief who died a hundred years ago. They follow her carridge to the Sea Ward. After staking out the Dock Ward again to find their nemises drow gunslinger, they turn up empty handed and head back to the Trollskull Manor for the night.

The next morning is explosive. Literally. A fireball explosion rocked the alley and 11 died. After inquiring some witnesses, talking to the city watch, and (later) speaking with the dead victims of the explosion, they came to the conclusion that the explosion was caused by a puppet throwing a bead from a fireball necklace at Dalakhar - Rock Gnome who was carrying the Stone of Golorr towards the party in Trollskull Manor and his three Zhentarim pursuers. The gnome and two zhentarim along with 8 others died, the remaining leader Urstul Floxin, fleed the scene after nabbing the stone of Golorr from Dalakhar's dead body. They also managed to get a piece of the evidence to the City Watch by observing and convincing an oblivious city watch soldier that the neclace he stole was actually the necklace of fireballs used in the crime. In order to gain some of this information by speaking with the dead gnome and the two dead zhentarim, they received aid from a cleric by helping out Vajra and Force Gray. Their quest was to determine whether a Bronze Dragon in the bottom of the Deep Harbor was a threat to Waterdeep or not. They hired a Sloop to sail to the other side of the harbor, deceiving him by all jumping overboard with waterbreathing potions leaving him stranded. The party swims down to find a barnicle covered shipwreck and a napping Bronze Dragon. They converse with the dragon but ultimately determine that it is no threat and wants gold but isn't willing to harm anyone in the process. Before leaving, they tell the draon that the guy on the boat above them has some gold. The dragon bumps the boat causing Shmit to fall off along with the 5 gold the party paid him. While this was going on, Sloppyjoe swam into the shipwreck and found a pile of 150 gold that he immediately took. The party climbs back on board to a pissed Shmit, and begin being chased by the dragon. Shmit is convinced to help the party get back and they outrun the dragon to the dock's safety and paying Shmit 10 gold for his troubles. Shmit, still believing he was wronged, ratted the party out to some city watch. The party is detained but successfully convince the watch that they were just escaping from a dragon, but also deceived the watch that Shmit had "white powder" on his boat. The party then returns to the black staff tower, report their findings, and gain one renoun with Force Gray. In exchange, they also get a cleric to help them speak with the dead from the explosion finding out the following:
Dalakhar works for The open Lord Neverember, he stole the Stone of Golorr from the Xanathar, and was bringing it to the party in Troll Skull Manor. The zhentarim leader Urstul Floxin most likely fled to Gralhund Villa.